hay has gone
Dave TT here so apples supposed to
release their new Mac Pro in 2019 we
don't know that much about it we know
that supposing a modular system we know
that's gonna be a powerful system for
professionals and we know that it's
gonna be crazy expensive that's just how
professional Mac equipment is and it's
supposed to come out later this year we
don't know exactly when it hopefully
will come in 2019 maybe we get pushback
but I wanted one sooner than later I've
been someone who's been itching for a
modular Mac Pro for years so the point
where we've been running a lot of
hackintosh is if you look at some of my
older videos I have them running in the
back and this is the best-looking and
most powerful custom Mac that I've ever
built it's not a gaming rig it was
designed specifically to edit my YouTube
videos if I wanted to play games on this
I would have made like half dozen
different choices than what I've built
and this primarily wouldn't been running
Mac OS but this is running Mac OS and it
is the most Apple like case I've ever
found on the market so this case is
called the circle Pro by a company
called circle studio and because it's
water-cooled you can push your
components a little bit harder
particularly the CPU which is really
important for what I do I'm able to hit
5 gigahertz on an 8 core CPU it's the I
999 hundred K and the performance on
this is better than the 8 and 10 core
Xeon processors in those iMac pros which
are like double or even triple the price
of this only their top-of-the-line 14
core model is actually significantly
faster than this machine so I'm gonna
talk about the case a little bit it's
not the smallest one out there if you
guys follow me you know I like really
small ITX cases this is 11 liters not
like 5 6 liters or 7 litres like I've
seen some tiny builds but it's really
well built and it just looks so good it
looks so Mac like the panels are all CNC
machined and the machining on this is
very high quality there's no rough edges
all the panels come apart top bottom
front back they all separate nicely when
you unscrew it and then they somehow fit
really snugly together in this precision
fit it's honestly like Apple built a
custom ITX case and the space great
finish on it is just ripe the side
panels they're glass but they're really
heavily smoked so if you think about it
if Apple made glass panels for a case
they wouldn't make it lightly tinted
they would do a pretty heavy smoke like
this and on this case you can look at
the internals if you want but it's
subtle it feels like Apple made it but
it's got this custom built vibe to it so
this is the case I went with the circle
Pro and there's a lot of stuff I like
about it but there's some pretty big
disadvantages the big one is that you
have to use a short GPU in it you can
put in a full length I tried both to the
Vegas 64 and several r-tx GPUs but you
need to use a server power supply so
forget that and another thing I don't
like about it is that it's actually very
difficult to build and I've built in a
lot of tiny cases before this is one of
the hardest if not the most difficult
case that I've worked in and the primary
reason for that is just space when you
run an all-in-one water cooler in a
system this small it becomes very
cramped okay quick word on the hardware
I'm running some old hardware and some
new hardware the big focus on this
system was just reliability it had to be
extremely reliable I can't let it go
down like Mac OS on non-traditional
Apple hardware can get a little dicey
sometimes so this thing is running an I
999 hundred K with the thermal take
water cooler and I would have loved to
have run a different water cooling here
because I don't think the thermal takes
got the best performance but this thing
has a very tight fit there's very few
water cools I could have in here the
NZXT Krakens do not it's also running
two sticks of ddr4 ram from g.skill they
actually came from a gaming rig so they
light up in our jeebies and stuff I wish
I had better control of those RG B's on
the system but I can't complain it's
super fast memory and it's very reliable
that's also running two sticks of
Samsung and VMI's inside there and I'm
also running a 450 watt power supply
from Corsair it's their small form
factor one they make a 600 watt one but
450 kind of does the trick now on the
other side you have access to of the GPU
so this GPU is a Radeon rx 580 from AMD
I went with the AMD cards just for
reliability I would have loved to have
stick an Nvidia card in here now this
card actually came from an external GPU
it's the gigabyte gaming box it's
running an rx 580 inside there and I had
to use that thing in here because that
was one of very few AMD cards that could
fit in a small form-factor case and all
these components are running on an asus
motherboard it's the asus z 390 the ITX
like ROG Strix Edition yeah those are
basically other components now oh the
reason why I went with that motherboard
was for audio so most motherboards that
are running ninth Gen Intel CPUs don't
have onboard audio that works in Mac OS
at least not easily
but this motherboard does that's why I
went with it
now there are things that don't work so
I don't get Wi-Fi I don't get bluetooth
neither those work and I thought I
wouldn't miss them but the thing is you
need those for airdrop and well in this
system airdrop does not work
iMessage works everything else kind of
works it's just airdrop is something
that I use pretty regularly and I enjoy
that I cannot get running on this system
the performance is great CPU and GPU
performance is excellent for what I do
it's not too loud I'm running the stock
fans on the thermal take water cooler
hits like 46 48 decibels on Macs load on
Idol it's like 30 decibels it's pretty
quiet but not as quiet as like a real
Mac system like of Apple built a real
Mac Pro it would be a lot quieter than
this but I want to switch up the fans I
want to run some NOK to our Redux fans
and those would lower the fan noise a
little bit temperatures are good it's
water-cooled CPU and the GPU doesn't get
pushed too hard for what I do
so this rig is running on a dual monitor
setup these are the LG 32 UL 950 panels
they're 4k and they look really clean
they're actually one of the very few
monitors that have used that had perfect
calibration coming out of the box like I
ran my spider on it and literally didn't
have to change a thing they were
perfectly calibrated both of them okay
to wrap it up the keyboard I'm using is
the master op control keyboard it's a
wired keyboard I've talked about it in a
previous video if you want to check it
out I'll link it below and the mouse I'm
using is the Logitech vertical mouse so
this is a mouse that looks bizarre and
you might think it has like special
functionality or something it doesn't it
actually feels like a very normal Mouse
once you get used to it but the main
reason why I'm using it is because of
the USBC connection it's one of very few
x' wireless mice that has a USB C to
charge it I have to use the dongle
because it doesn't have bluetooth I have
to use the wireless radio dongle on the
back to make this thing connect to it
but I do have a wireless mouse at least
and that basically wraps it up this is
my custom Mac Pro and I spent way too
long building this thing like it was a
struggle but hope you guys enjoyed this
video because this is where my favorite
builds I've ever done okay
thumbs have you liked it subs if you
loved it see you guys next time